Elmo usually loves mixing the batter but
today he seems sad why are you sad Elmo
Elmo's sad because tomorrow Elmo's mommy
is going to work how much his mommy to
stay home Oh Elmo mommy will miss you
too but you know that she has to go to
work tomorrow and Dana will be here to
take care of you while mommy's working
now let's do something special together
mix that batter Elmo
the next morning Elmo's mommy is about
to leave for work
Dana is here she's going to spend the
day with Elmo mommy yes Elmo who doesn't
want you to tell no Elmo
mommy knows you feel a little sad that
she has to go to work but don't worry
Dana is going to do all the things that
mommy usually does with you you know
mommy will be thinking about you all
she's at work Elmo and mommy will be
home before you know it I'm looking
forward to playing with you Elmo
Dayna tried to play with Elmo but Elmo
didn't feel like doing anything at all
Oh doesn't want to play Oh doesn't want
to do anything I have an idea for a game
we can play what for the picture that
shows how you would feel if you were
missing your mommy the way elmo is and
click on it
yes sod-buster cell Elmo thought but now
that we're playing this girl always
having fun ok here's another question
click on the picture that shows how you
feel when somebody takes your toy
without asking
old me you know that's just out all
fields when somebody takes history
without asking someone wants to hear
another question sure
listen click on the picture that shows
how you feel when you hear a loud noise
in the dark
good whoa justice tell-all feels when
you use a loud noise in the dark can we
have another question please Dana okay
here's one click on a picture that shows
how you feel when you play a fun game
with your friend
papi yeah that's just out Elmo feels but
he plays a fun game with a friend very
good
I have a lot of fun playing with you
Elmo and with you too Elmo and Dana read
a story together just the way that Elmo
and his mommy like turi
once upon a time there was a prince who
the Prince got to spend the day with the
Royal babysitter then at the end of the
day the Queen came home and gave the
Prince a big royal hug Dana put all
kinds of things on the table she laid
out cotton balls and macaroni and part
of the cupcake box and put down a big
piece of paper I got a picture are we
making dinner it's called a collage a
collage yep it's French huh take this
stuff and stick it on the paper anywhere
you'll Elmo and Dana were eating
cupcakes for a snack when Elmo's mommy
came home of course
mommy is Elmo just like mommy said she
would be yeah did you have a nice day
today with Dana can you tell mommy about
all the things that you did sure what
happened first
that's right first we played the
feelings game what happens next
yes after I came over Elmo and I read a
story together what can we do last you
got it the last thing we did was make a
picture for Elmo's mommy
you see Elmo sometimes mommy has to
leave you for a while but she'll always
come back
Ellen knows an army how does it sound
anymore someone loves your mommy
the end